docsmd/handsdown/generators/material.md, before:

# Material

[Handsdown API Index](../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../index.md#handsdown) /
[Generators](./index.md#generators) /
Material

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.generators.material](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/generators/material.py) module.

## MaterialGenerator

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/generators/material.py#L10)

Read the Docs documentation generator.

#### Signature

```python
class MaterialGenerator(BaseGenerator):
    ...
```

#### See also

- [BaseGenerator](./base.md#basegenerator)

### MaterialGenerator().get_external_configs_templates

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/generators/material.py#L20)

Get a tuple with pairs of template path to project path

#### Signature

```python
def get_external_configs_templates(self) -> Tuple[Tuple[NicePath, NicePath], ...]:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [NicePath](../utils/nice_path.md#nicepath)

Commit message:

Improve find in source links

docsmd/handsdown/generators/material.md, after:

# Material

[Handsdown API Index](../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../index.md#handsdown) /
[Generators](./index.md#generators) /
Material

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.generators.material](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/generators/material.py) module.

## MaterialGenerator

[Show source in material.py:10](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/generators/material.py#L10)

Read the Docs documentation generator.

#### Signature

```python
class MaterialGenerator(BaseGenerator):
    ...
```

#### See also

- [BaseGenerator](./base.md#basegenerator)

### MaterialGenerator().get_external_configs_templates

[Show source in material.py:20](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/generators/material.py#L20)

Get a tuple with pairs of template path to project path

#### Signature

```python
def get_external_configs_templates(self) -> Tuple[Tuple[NicePath, NicePath], ...]:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [NicePath](../utils/nice_path.md#nicepath)
