docsmd/handsdown/processors/smart.md, before:

# Smart

[Handsdown API Index](../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../index.md#handsdown) /
[Processors](./index.md#processors) /
Smart

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.processors.smart](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/processors/smart.py) module.

## SmartDocstringProcessor

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/processors/smart.py#L15)

Docstring processor that selects a `DocstringProcessor` based on a docstring content.

#### Signature

```python
class SmartDocstringProcessor(BaseDocstringProcessor):
    def __init__(self) -> None:
        ...
```

#### See also

- [BaseDocstringProcessor](./base.md#basedocstringprocessor)

### SmartDocstringProcessor().build_sections

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/processors/smart.py#L28)

Parse docstring and split it to sections with arrays of strings.

#### Arguments

- `content` - Object docstring.

#### Returns

A dictionary where key is a section name and value is a list of string sof this
section.

#### Signature

```python
def build_sections(self, content: str) -> SectionMap:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [SectionMap](./section_map.md#sectionmap)

Commit message:

Improve find in source links

docsmd/handsdown/processors/smart.md, after:

# Smart

[Handsdown API Index](../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../index.md#handsdown) /
[Processors](./index.md#processors) /
Smart

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.processors.smart](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/processors/smart.py) module.

## SmartDocstringProcessor

[Show source in smart.py:15](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/processors/smart.py#L15)

Docstring processor that selects a `DocstringProcessor` based on a docstring content.

#### Signature

```python
class SmartDocstringProcessor(BaseDocstringProcessor):
    def __init__(self) -> None:
        ...
```

#### See also

- [BaseDocstringProcessor](./base.md#basedocstringprocessor)

### SmartDocstringProcessor().build_sections

[Show source in smart.py:28](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/processors/smart.py#L28)

Parse docstring and split it to sections with arrays of strings.

#### Arguments

- `content` - Object docstring.

#### Returns

A dictionary where key is a section name and value is a list of string sof this
section.

#### Signature

```python
def build_sections(self, content: str) -> SectionMap:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [SectionMap](./section_map.md#sectionmap)
