docsmd/examples/typed.md, before:

# PEP 484 - type annotations examples

[Handsdown API Index](../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Examples](./index.md#examples) /
PEP 484 - type annotations examples

> Auto-generated documentation for [examples.typed](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py) module.

## MyValue

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L11)

#### Signature

```python
class MyValue:
    ...
```



## Typed

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L15)

#### Signature

```python
class Typed:
    def __init__(
        self,
        _value: Union[List[str], str, MyValue] = MyValue(
            {
                "key1": "value1",
                "key2": "value2",
                "key3": "value3",
                "key4": "value4",
                "key5": "value5",
                "key6": "value6",
            }
        ),
        _name: str = "default",
    ) -> Dict[str, MyValue]:
        ...
```

#### See also

- [MyValue](#myvalue)

### Typed().async_method

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L37)

#### Signature

```python
async def async_method(self, _value: str) -> str:
    ...
```

### Typed.classmethod

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L33)

#### Signature

```python
@classmethod
def classmethod(cls, _my_value: MyValue, *_args: str, **_kwargs: Any) -> None:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [MyValue](#myvalue)



## func

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L45)

#### Signature

```python
@my_deco(key="value")
def func(
    _list: Tuple[List[str], ...], _my_value_cls: Type[MyValue] = MyValue, **_kwargs: None
) -> Optional[MyValue]:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [MyValue](#myvalue)



## my_deco

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L41)

#### Signature

```python
def my_deco(key):
    ...
```

Commit message:

Improve find in source links

docsmd/examples/typed.md, after:

# PEP 484 - type annotations examples

[Handsdown API Index](../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Examples](./index.md#examples) /
PEP 484 - type annotations examples

> Auto-generated documentation for [examples.typed](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py) module.

## MyValue

[Show source in typed.py:11](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L11)

#### Signature

```python
class MyValue:
    ...
```



## Typed

[Show source in typed.py:15](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L15)

#### Signature

```python
class Typed:
    def __init__(
        self,
        _value: Union[List[str], str, MyValue] = MyValue(
            {
                "key1": "value1",
                "key2": "value2",
                "key3": "value3",
                "key4": "value4",
                "key5": "value5",
                "key6": "value6",
            }
        ),
        _name: str = "default",
    ) -> Dict[str, MyValue]:
        ...
```

#### See also

- [MyValue](#myvalue)

### Typed().async_method

[Show source in typed.py:37](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L37)

#### Signature

```python
async def async_method(self, _value: str) -> str:
    ...
```

### Typed.classmethod

[Show source in typed.py:33](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L33)

#### Signature

```python
@classmethod
def classmethod(cls, _my_value: MyValue, *_args: str, **_kwargs: Any) -> None:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [MyValue](#myvalue)



## func

[Show source in typed.py:45](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L45)

#### Signature

```python
@my_deco(key="value")
def func(
    _list: Tuple[List[str], ...], _my_value_cls: Type[MyValue] = MyValue, **_kwargs: None
) -> Optional[MyValue]:
    ...
```

#### See also

- [MyValue](#myvalue)



## my_deco

[Show source in typed.py:41](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/examples/typed.py#L41)

#### Signature

```python
def my_deco(key):
    ...
```
