docsmd/handsdown/utils/markdown.md, before:

# Markdown

[Handsdown API Index](../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../index.md#handsdown) /
[Utils](./index.md#utils) /
Markdown

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.utils.markdown](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py) module.

## Header

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L9)

Markdown header.

#### Arguments

- `title` - Header title
- `level` - Header level, 1-6
- `anchor` - Anchor link

#### Signature

```python
class Header:
    def __init__(self, title: str, level: int, anchor: str) -> None:
        ...
```

### Header().render

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L24)

Render menu item to string.

#### Signature

```python
def render(self) -> str:
    ...
```



## TableOfContents

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L32)

MarkDown Table of Contents.

#### Arguments

- `headers` - List of headers

#### Signature

```python
class TableOfContents:
    def __init__(self, headers: Iterable[Header]) -> None:
        ...
```

### TableOfContents.parse

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L43)

Parse table of Contents for MarkDown text.

#### Arguments

- `text` - MarkDown text.

#### Signature

```python
@classmethod
def parse(cls: Type[_R], text: str) -> _R:
    ...
```

### TableOfContents().render

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L71)

Render ToC to string.

#### Signature

```python
def render(self, max_level: int = 3) -> str:
    ...
```



## insert_md_toc

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L87)

Insert Table of Contents before the first second-level header.

#### Signature

```python
def insert_md_toc(text: str, depth: int = 3) -> str:
    ...
```

Commit message:

Improve find in source links

docsmd/handsdown/utils/markdown.md, after:

# Markdown

[Handsdown API Index](../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../index.md#handsdown) /
[Utils](./index.md#utils) /
Markdown

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.utils.markdown](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py) module.

## Header

[Show source in markdown.py:9](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L9)

Markdown header.

#### Arguments

- `title` - Header title
- `level` - Header level, 1-6
- `anchor` - Anchor link

#### Signature

```python
class Header:
    def __init__(self, title: str, level: int, anchor: str) -> None:
        ...
```

### Header().render

[Show source in markdown.py:24](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L24)

Render menu item to string.

#### Signature

```python
def render(self) -> str:
    ...
```



## TableOfContents

[Show source in markdown.py:32](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L32)

MarkDown Table of Contents.

#### Arguments

- `headers` - List of headers

#### Signature

```python
class TableOfContents:
    def __init__(self, headers: Iterable[Header]) -> None:
        ...
```

### TableOfContents.parse

[Show source in markdown.py:43](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L43)

Parse table of Contents for MarkDown text.

#### Arguments

- `text` - MarkDown text.

#### Signature

```python
@classmethod
def parse(cls: Type[_R], text: str) -> _R:
    ...
```

### TableOfContents().render

[Show source in markdown.py:71](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L71)

Render ToC to string.

#### Signature

```python
def render(self, max_level: int = 3) -> str:
    ...
```



## insert_md_toc

[Show source in markdown.py:87](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/utils/markdown.py#L87)

Insert Table of Contents before the first second-level header.

#### Signature

```python
def insert_md_toc(text: str, depth: int = 3) -> str:
    ...
```
