docsmd/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.md, before:

# ClassRecord

[Handsdown API Index](../../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../../index.md#handsdown) /
[AST Parser](../index.md#ast-parser) /
[Node Records](./index.md#node-records) /
ClassRecord

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.ast_parser.node_records.class_record](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py) module.

## ClassRecord

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L16)

Wrapper for an `ast.ClassDef` node.

#### Arguments

- `node` - AST node.

#### Signature

```python
class ClassRecord(NodeRecord):
    def __init__(self, node: ast.ClassDef) -> None:
        ...
```

#### See also

- [NodeRecord](./node_record.md#noderecord)

### ClassRecord().find_record

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L34)

Find child method or attribute record.

#### Arguments

- `name` - Record name to lookup.

#### Returns

Itself or None.

#### Signature

```python
def find_record(self, name: str) -> Optional[NodeRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().get_public_methods

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L87)

Get Class public methods.

Skips methods with names starting with `_` and magic methods  `__` if
they have no docstring. Method `__init__` is always skipped.

#### Returns

A list of child records.

#### Signature

```python
def get_public_methods(self) -> List[FunctionRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().init_method

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L126)

Get the `__init__` method.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def init_method(self) -> Optional[FunctionRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().iter_records

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L74)

Iterate over Class public methods.

#### Yields

A child record.

#### Signature

```python
def iter_records(self) -> Iterator[NodeRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().related_names

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L57)

Set of related names.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def related_names(self) -> Set[str]:
    ...
```

Commit message:

Improve find in source links

docsmd/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.md, after:

# ClassRecord

[Handsdown API Index](../../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../../index.md#handsdown) /
[AST Parser](../index.md#ast-parser) /
[Node Records](./index.md#node-records) /
ClassRecord

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.ast_parser.node_records.class_record](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py) module.

## ClassRecord

[Show source in class_record.py:16](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L16)

Wrapper for an `ast.ClassDef` node.

#### Arguments

- `node` - AST node.

#### Signature

```python
class ClassRecord(NodeRecord):
    def __init__(self, node: ast.ClassDef) -> None:
        ...
```

#### See also

- [NodeRecord](./node_record.md#noderecord)

### ClassRecord().find_record

[Show source in class_record.py:34](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L34)

Find child method or attribute record.

#### Arguments

- `name` - Record name to lookup.

#### Returns

Itself or None.

#### Signature

```python
def find_record(self, name: str) -> Optional[NodeRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().get_public_methods

[Show source in class_record.py:87](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L87)

Get Class public methods.

Skips methods with names starting with `_` and magic methods  `__` if
they have no docstring. Method `__init__` is always skipped.

#### Returns

A list of child records.

#### Signature

```python
def get_public_methods(self) -> List[FunctionRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().init_method

[Show source in class_record.py:126](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L126)

Get the `__init__` method.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def init_method(self) -> Optional[FunctionRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().iter_records

[Show source in class_record.py:74](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L74)

Iterate over Class public methods.

#### Yields

A child record.

#### Signature

```python
def iter_records(self) -> Iterator[NodeRecord]:
    ...
```

### ClassRecord().related_names

[Show source in class_record.py:57](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/class_record.py#L57)

Set of related names.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def related_names(self) -> Set[str]:
    ...
```
