docsmd/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.md, before:

# NodeRecord

[Handsdown API Index](../../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../../index.md#handsdown) /
[AST Parser](../index.md#ast-parser) /
[Node Records](./index.md#node-records) /
NodeRecord

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.ast_parser.node_records.node_record](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py) module.

## NodeRecord

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L13)

Base class for all node records.

#### Signature

```python
class NodeRecord:
    def __init__(self, node: ast.AST) -> None:
        ...
```

### NodeRecord().class_name

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L146)

Record class name.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def class_name(self) -> str:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().get_documented_attribute_strings

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L128)

Render each of `attribute_records` to a Markdown string.

Includes `name`, `docstring` and `value` of an `ArgumentRecord`.

#### Returns

A list of rendered strings.

#### Signature

```python
def get_documented_attribute_strings(self) -> List[str]:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().line_number

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L32)

Return node line number in source.

#### Returns

A line number startign with 1.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def line_number(self) -> int:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().line_number

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L47)

#### Signature

```python
@line_number.setter
def line_number(self, value: int) -> None:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().parse

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L74)

Get all information from a node.

Executes only once if called multiple times.

#### Signature

```python
def parse(self) -> None:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().related_names

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L58)

Get a set of referenced object names in `node`.

Returns an empty set, should be overriden by a child class.

#### Returns

A set of referenced object name.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def related_names(self) -> Set[str]:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().render

[find in source code](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L98)

Render node to a string.

#### Returns

A string representation of `node`.

#### Signature

```python
def render(self) -> str:
    ...
```

Commit message:

Improve find in source links

docsmd/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.md, after:

# NodeRecord

[Handsdown API Index](../../../README.md#handsdown-api-index) /
[Handsdown](../../index.md#handsdown) /
[AST Parser](../index.md#ast-parser) /
[Node Records](./index.md#node-records) /
NodeRecord

> Auto-generated documentation for [handsdown.ast_parser.node_records.node_record](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py) module.

## NodeRecord

[Show source in node_record.py:13](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L13)

Base class for all node records.

#### Signature

```python
class NodeRecord:
    def __init__(self, node: ast.AST) -> None:
        ...
```

### NodeRecord().class_name

[Show source in node_record.py:146](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L146)

Record class name.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def class_name(self) -> str:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().get_documented_attribute_strings

[Show source in node_record.py:128](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L128)

Render each of `attribute_records` to a Markdown string.

Includes `name`, `docstring` and `value` of an `ArgumentRecord`.

#### Returns

A list of rendered strings.

#### Signature

```python
def get_documented_attribute_strings(self) -> List[str]:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().line_number

[Show source in node_record.py:32](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L32)

Return node line number in source.

#### Returns

A line number startign with 1.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def line_number(self) -> int:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().line_number

[Show source in node_record.py:47](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L47)

#### Signature

```python
@line_number.setter
def line_number(self, value: int) -> None:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().parse

[Show source in node_record.py:74](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L74)

Get all information from a node.

Executes only once if called multiple times.

#### Signature

```python
def parse(self) -> None:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().related_names

[Show source in node_record.py:58](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L58)

Get a set of referenced object names in `node`.

Returns an empty set, should be overriden by a child class.

#### Returns

A set of referenced object name.

#### Signature

```python
@property
def related_names(self) -> Set[str]:
    ...
```

### NodeRecord().render

[Show source in node_record.py:98](https://github.com/vemel/handsdown/blob/main/handsdown/ast_parser/node_records/node_record.py#L98)

Render node to a string.

#### Returns

A string representation of `node`.

#### Signature

```python
def render(self) -> str:
    ...
```
